README.md, before:

# bazel-recipes

This repo is a collection of recipes that I have found useful in using [bazel](https://bazel.build/) as the main 
component of a continuous integration build.

Taking on the ideas from the [Continuous Delivery book](https://continuousdelivery.com/), a “commit stage” pipeline
runs before multiple “acceptance test” pipelines.  In the commit stage, _all_ artifacts are built - this includes
services, and all acceptance tests.  The acceptance tests should be baked into containers with all their required
dependencies so that running them in the "acceptance test” pipeline is pure scheduling.

Bazel is a great fit for the commit stage pipeline in a cloud-native deployment:
* it builds containers natively (“rules_docker”)
* it is polyglot/can build anything (by using/defining the appropriate rule: java, c++, python, golang, docker, dhall,
 clojure)
* the pipelne complexity is in the bazel setup, not in custom bash scripts or CI tool config. This also has the
 desirable consequence that all developers can test the build using just bazel.
* it is fast

## Recipe List
| Recipe                         | Description |
|--------------------------------|-------------|
| [gcp_cloud_function](/gcp_cloud_function/README.md) | Building and testing a GCP cloud function |
| [go_openapi_service](/go_openapi_service/README.md) | Building and testing a OpenAPI 3 service using golang |
| [integration_test_with_services](/integration_test_with_services/README.md) | Building a container that includes dependencies (in this case PostgreSQL) |
| [turps](/turps/README.md)  | Building a golang grpc service, with e2e acceptance tests in a container |

## Motivation
The motivation for these recipes is that there is a shortage of small + public bazel examples.  This has a few consequences:
* reproducing issues requires new examples to be built from scratch every time
* people trying to adopt bazel have to work from first principles not from working solutions.

More recipes will be added over time.

## Other resources
* https://github.com/google/startup-os (bit out of date now)

Commit message:

Added java_in_container and clojure_in_container

README.md, after:

# bazel-recipes

This repo is a collection of recipes that I have found useful in using [bazel](https://bazel.build/) as the main 
component of a continuous integration build.

Taking on the ideas from the [Continuous Delivery book](https://continuousdelivery.com/), a “commit stage” pipeline
runs before multiple “acceptance test” pipelines.  In the commit stage, _all_ artifacts are built - this includes
services, and all acceptance tests.  The acceptance tests should be baked into containers with all their required
dependencies so that running them in the "acceptance test” pipeline is pure scheduling.

Bazel is a great fit for the commit stage pipeline in a cloud-native deployment:
* it builds containers natively (“rules_docker”)
* it is polyglot/can build anything (by using/defining the appropriate rule: java, c++, python, golang, docker, dhall,
 clojure)
* the pipelne complexity is in the bazel setup, not in custom bash scripts or CI tool config. This also has the
 desirable consequence that all developers can test the build using just bazel.
* it is fast

## Recipe List
| Recipe                                              | Description |
|-----------------------------------------------------|-------------|
| [gcp_cloud_function](/gcp_cloud_function/README.md) | Building and testing a GCP cloud function |
| [go_openapi_service](/go_openapi_service/README.md) | Building and testing a OpenAPI 3 service using golang |
| [integration_test_with_services](/integration_test_with_services/README.md) | Building a container that includes dependencies (in this case PostgreSQL) |
| [turps](/turps/README.md)  | Building a golang grpc service, with e2e acceptance tests in a container |
| [java_in_container](/java_in_container/README.md)  | Building a java application in a container |
| [clojure_in_container](/clojure_in_container/README.md)  | Building a clojure application in a container |

## Motivation
The motivation for these recipes is that there is a shortage of small + public bazel examples.  This has a few consequences:
* reproducing issues requires new examples to be built from scratch every time
* people trying to adopt bazel have to work from first principles not from working solutions.

More recipes will be added over time.

## Other resources
* https://github.com/google/startup-os (bit out of date now)
